---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-11T15:19:36.952Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-11T15:19:30.015Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-11-7e18f37f-ffd5-4b06-b6b4-472e52d0528c.md
published: true
url: 7e18f37f-ffd5-4b06-b6b4-472e52d0528c/index.html
_type: Article

---
## [You Mustn't Be Afraid To Dream A Little Bigger, Darling][0]

Passion fuels the rocket, but vision---a big dream--- points the rocket to its ultimate destination. You cannot succeed in creating innovative products, services, or brands without a clear vision of how your company will move society forward.

Apple CEO and legendary entrepreneur, Steve Jobs, has been leaving clues his entire career.  In[Carmine Gallo's][1] book, [_The Innovation Secrets of Steve Jobs_][1], he tells the story about a Disney executive charged with revitalizing the Disney stores.  When he turned to Jobs---Disney's largest shareholder---for advice, Jobs responded, "Dream bigger."

A compelling vision that inspires everyone's best efforts meets three criteria:

**Big dreams are bold**. Nobody is inspired by your goal to grow sales by 10 percent in one year. Your team, employees, and partners are inspired by a vision that creates meaning in their lives and for the lives of your customers.

**Big dreams are specific**.  In 1961 John F. Kennedy inspired a nation by proposing a big idea and attaching a deadline to it.  He said, "This nation should commit itself, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to earth."  Many scientists thought it could not be done but since Kennedy had set a deadline, they were forced to try.  The conversation changed from "we can't do it" to "well,_if_ we were to do it by the deadline, how would we accomplish it?"

**Big dreams are concise**.  A big dream means little if it cannot be remembered.  If Twitter had been around, Kennedy's vision could have easily fit in a Twitter post!  That's concise, and memorable.

Rarely are ideas commercialized without an inspired team of creative and passionate evangelists who turn that dream into a reality. Communicate big dreams.

[0]: http://andrewyang.com.au/you-mustnt-be-afraid-to-dream-a-little-bigger-darling/
[1]: http://amzn.to/13jphaD